Skip to content
 Kruispad Hazeldean Gemeente
 Gemeente van Jesus
 Menu 
 Tuis
 Kruispad Gemeente
 Cafe Berea
 Vind jou plek
 Odos Kids
Wie is ons
 Droom van Kruispad
 Span
Groepe
 Eleos
 Kairos
Eredienste
 Suzi
 Preke
2026 Kalender
Bydraes
Kantore
 Eleos 
 ELEOS was birthed out of a desire, to effect tangible change, in the lives of those living in poverty. ELEOS is named after a Greek term, which means “Mercy in Action”. ELEOS is a registered, non‐profit organisation which aims to deliver social services to underprivileged children and their families in Pretoria‐West. The people of this community not only struggle to obtain the bare essentials but are also burdened with enormous financial, physical, emotional and mental stresses.For the past fifteen years ELEOS has organised many initiatives and projects running in the suburbs of Danville and Booysens in Pretoria West. In these areas, major social needs and psychological problems are related to living conditions, such as poverty, violence, family disintegration, abuse, alcohol and drug abuse, teenage pregnancy, and a lack of life skills. These handicaps are often passed from one generation to the next.ELEOS has a holistic approach to address the needs of the community. To help individuals in their physical, emotional, and spiritual well-being (body, mind & soul) and to assist and motivate to pursue God’s will. To educate children and adults to start thinking differently about their circumstances and implement change.Each person who can live independently, every child that passes his school year, every family where there is love and care, where there is no abuse, is a success. 
 Eleos 
 Kairos 
 Kairos 
 KAIROS originated as a result of an eye surgeon that did an operation on a learner from Laerskool Generaal Nicolaas Smit. The surgeon put it into words by saying: “We must thank GOD for this and that HE deserves all the glory as this was a KAIROS moment where GOD touched lives and changed them forever.” This is how God uses normal people to be disciples (Good Samaritans) that will pick up the poor, the broken and the lost so they can make a lasting change in the lives of someone else. Luke 10:25.KAIROS has different projects but our Primary purpose is not only to change a life but a whole posterity!KAIROS supports children from pre-school, primary school and high school to develop their full potential. Poverty can only be broken by education and qualifications (Tertiary education as well as trades are being sponsored!)Some of these learners attend schools in the East of Pretoria that has hostels where the circumstances are much better for them to achieve. We also placed learners in schools with hostels such as Delmas. The cost for this is enormous and is about R3500.00 per month per child then we also try to give them some pocket money so they can also feel that they fit into the mainstream with other children. Currently we have 3 primary school and five high school learners in hostels. We also sponsor +-15 other learners in our community on a regular basis. We also have students that we support with handbooks, clothing, transport etc.Parents are unemployed and KAIROS try to change this by doing skills audits and keeping record of this so that the whole family can benefit from this. Parents are placed at schools, industries, small and large companies on a voluntarily basis so we can see what they can do. Once they proof that they are trustworthy they receive a reference letter and are added to our data base for approved employees that provides more security to potential employers.KAIROS has become a beacon of hope to a large part of the community in a very short time. Schools, churches and other welfare organisations ask for help daily as poverty literally increases over night. Sometimes we have parents that work only so they can have a roof over their heads, but they can’t even afford to buy bread. We currently assist between 160 to 200 families with food parcels. 
 admin@kruispadhazeldean.co.za 
 Kantoor071 882 9815 
 Proudly powered by WordPress